ENG-3535: DD dual shipping (#29)
Codesee-io/examples: docker-datadog-dual-shipping-example/README.md

# Example Docker Compose: CodeSee + Datadog (agent) Dual Shipping

Datadog supports Dual Shipping of traces to another provider such as CodeSee: [more info](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/dual-shipping/)

## Getting Started

```

> # copy the env-example and replace its content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# copy the env-example file, and modify it to add your CodeSee Ingestion Token where noted. 
```
